All right all right.
I know you're eager to start working with actual properties and values.
So here it goes even though we have already used color properties pretty much for all our examples why
don't we start with colors and then we're going to go from there and we'll start very simply by looking
at two properties that you'll use most of the time with colors color property responsible for the color
of the text and background color responsible for the color of the background.
First let's practice with some more Ashley and.
So I'm gonna head over to my index agency now and you know what maybe before we do that I'm gonna get
rid of these paragraphs and whatever Asterix I'm not gonna need it right now.
And then within the next session you know I'm just gonna create basically two headings with each of
them having a separate div or I'm sorry not just Div I would separate ideas.
So I'm going to say let's say there's going to be hanging three and within having three we're gonna
write out an I.D. and let's call this first and this is just gonna be I am heading adding number one.
And by the way I notice that all the time a misspelling this.
So if you are annoyed by this.
My apologies but unfortunately that's what happens.
I do like the misspelled stuff so let's right here second.
So I'm gonna have two headings.
One is gonna be number and one let's say and the other one is gonna be number two.
So let's see how this is gonna look like.
Very simply we have two headings.
Now I'm gonna head over back to Celsius as like I said I'm going to start working with the color properties.
Now we're not gonna look at the values right now.
Meaning all can I use the most basic ones.
Those are all gonna cover in next videos but let's just start by looking at the properties that you
will use all the time with your colors.
So first let's start by selecting a div now the div or I'm sorry the I.D..
Some reason I keep naming my I.D. the divs and my first I.D. is going to have color.
Now the color property again could be anything.
We're gonna go with I don't know something like this and this is gonna be my color and then we're looking
for the background color.
Now the background color is I going to be responsible for the background of the moment I'm gonna save
it.
Notice right now my I.D. with a name first is gonna look like this.
So it's gonna have this background and obviously this would be the color.
And again this would work with any element that you would like to apart from obviously something like
image where image is totally separate HDMI element of let's say it would work with the link it would
work with the paragraph now with the links there are some caveats to it.
But generally speaking every time you would want the color of the text to be some kind of color you
would use the code properly.
And every time you would want a background you use the background color property.
Now let's also test that out for the second Heidi because I would like to show you where the background
actually has the shorthand.
So I'm gonna go here and we're going to say that there is gonna be obviously the idea.
Second I believe that's how he named it.
And yeah let's again use some kind of color.
Now this is just gonna be some crimson or something like this.
And then let's work with the background now with the background.
Eventually will and also look at the background images and what happens is that all images we would
use something like this and again we're not going to cover this in a great detail right now because
we're going to look at it later but at the end of the day we can combine both of these properties here
and just write the shorthand.
And this is something that you're going to see a lot in a C assess.
And obviously we're going to cover this a lot because we can do the same thing we had let's say pairings
or margin and you get an idea.
So in our case instead of writing the long way where we're just looking for the color we can just write
background.
And then here we can write either the color or later on we're obviously going to start working with
images as our background so in our case let's just say that this is gonna be yellow and we can save
it.
And notice that it's going to work exactly the same way.
So just please be aware that you can use background color just as you're working on the color but later
on as we're going to start work with the images we're also can use the background shorthand where we
just write background and then whatever value we're typing here for the color.